Jiang Binyao, the daughter of Beidu Jiang's family, meets Mr. Li
The first wealthy house of Beidu Jiangjia Building
What are you looking for me for?
I have been clearing the tomb of Mr. Li for a long time
Select the entire Jiang family as the betrothal gift
Willing to marry Mr. Li as his wife
Are you kidding?
I'm just an ordinary fried powder vendor
that's it.
Where did you enter the eyes of the first wealthy family?
Don't make fun of me
Mr. Li is over a thousand
I know you are the first person to hear about it
Just indifferent to fame and fortune, hiding in this world
I came in good faith to marry Mr. Li as his wife
Mr. Wang's love
What about the first person?
If I were the first person
I will still cook noodles here
It will also be used by these little gangsters of cats and dogs
Charge protection money?
What do they dare to ask Mr. Li for protection money?
No no no no
We are the boss who loves his fried noodles
His fried noodles are very good
We each eat a bowl, don't we?
Right?
Let's each have a bowl of fried noodles
You are here to eat fried noodles
What are you doing with a stick in your hand?
Ha ha.
Ha play
Playing Ruthless in Miss
Let these people who make Mr. Li unhappy
All broke hands and feet
Throw it on the street
It's you
get it